website - 
bootstrap? 
okay-nice one-nice one

rfid - go to the website phidgets.com and download the drivers
driver is the dll for it
quick download - driver for .net
code examples and help file available 
installs a small program phidgets... 
in the rfid in the middle there's a chip and a wire around it 
by induction the signal is transfered from the antenna 
antennas have nique serial numbers
by do-click we can get the info about the antenna 
a unique number i a string of numbers and characters
you can attach the antenna to the lamp or whatever to show the 
results
with the program it is possible to adjust the settings of the rfid antenna 
like with db - phidgets9.1.net dll to add it to the events

initialize component -> .... btn has a click event with a special 
  notation we make that this method is a method for this event! 
phidgets provide drivers for different things but we need only the
RFID 
detect tag is the event 
	- close - detect
	- remove - 'mouse up'
methods to open and close connection
event like atach and detach 

on the start the antenna is atached and we use a method to show
events can be custom - for exmaple file is downloaded - go to the
	other thing
	event 'I'm done' can be customized
1) create rfid reader + 3 methods
2) start it 	
	connection might be not established on time
	use wait for connection
3) buttons - 

event must be of a certain prototype
	sender + args[]
args(depends on what are you doing)
in the attach event the sender is the antenna 
e. - one of the fields as a device, convert to string add it to 
the listbox 

tagevent arguments hold the tag's unique number
hot unplug is not safe and will be resulted in the 
	antenna detached 
an event - something that happens and many methods can be atached 
	to it
event is a mysterious list who holds all the methods
prediscribed parameters are a must
e. tag can be shown in the 
protocol is about how it is stored
tag is the actual value

also info about the device can be added 
if we want to check it in the database thus we need to combine 
the demo of the app with the actual event

the queries will depend on the desired result and specifications
of the situation 
for now f.e. you can just return all the info found be the rfid 
chip foreign key

USB port sniffer will check were exactly the phidget is connected
the e-mail was recieved 

database consult with the teacher etc...
php and ajax combination 

set up document - state all the decisions, progress etcetcetcetc
set up document should be delivered before the break
final report - what did you do, what solutions did you choose
and what did you learn from it etcetcetc...
specifications - php, structure, decisions, coding and solutions
	list of directories etc....
prepare the better solutions and think about efficiency etc
we can use subfolders for storing different projects and 
websites on the athena


10:45